IBX-322: Send email notifications from Form Builder 2.5 (#1378)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/extending/extending_form_builder.md

    By adjusting them to your needs, you will change your email template.

    ### Configure sender details
    

>     To send emails from the Form Builder, you need to configure `sender_address` in `app/config/config.yml`. It acts as a sender and return address for all bounced messages. For more information, see [Symfony Mailer Configuration Reference.](https://symfony.com/doc/3.4/reference/configuration/swiftmailer.html#sender-address)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Some e-mail providers require a sender address to be set, so to avoid unsent emails when using From Builder, it is recommended to configure `sender_address` in `app/config/config.yml`. It acts as a sender and return address for all bounced messages. For more information, see [Symfony Mailer Configuration Reference.](https://symfony.com/doc/3.4/reference/configuration/swiftmailer.html#sender-address)
```

>     Some e-mail providers require a sender address to be set, so to avoid unsent emails when using From Builder, it is recommended to configure `sender_address` in `app/config/config.yml`. It acts as a sender and return address for all bounced messages. For more information, see [Symfony Mailer Configuration Reference.](https://symfony.com/doc/3.4/reference/configuration/swiftmailer.html#sender-address)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Some email providers require a sender address to be set, so to avoid unsent emails when using Form Builder,
    it is recommended to configure `sender_address` in `app/config/config.yml`.
    This email acts as a sender and return address for all bounced messages.
    For more information, see [Symfony Mailer Configuration Reference.](https://symfony.com/doc/3.4/reference/configuration/swiftmailer.html#sender-address)
```

>     Add `sender_address` entry to `app/config/config.yml`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Add a `sender_address` key to `app/config/config.yml`:
```
that's the regular term in YAML

    
    ``` yaml
    swiftmailer:
        transport: '%mailer_transport%'
        host: '%mailer_host%'
        username: '%mailer_user%'
        password: '%mailer_password%'
        spool: { type: memory }

>         sender_address: 'mail@example.com'

Reviewer: All other settings are using named parameters, it would be great if we can stick to that.
```suggestion
        sender_address: '%mailer_sender_address%`
```
And then mention, that this has to be set as well
`app/config/parameters.yml`:
```
parameters:
    mailer_sender_address: 'mail@example.com'
```

Reviewer: Also, please add missing 
```
    host: '%mailer_host%'
```
to the example
